https://musicatmenlo.org/artistbio/artist-bio/?artist_id=865
American cellist Jakob Giovanni Taylor, 25, is currently pursuing his Masters of Musical Arts degree at the Yale School of Music under the tutelage of Paul Watkins, cellist of the Emerson String Quartet. Born in New York City, Taylor began playing the cello at the age of three. His career as a soloist and chamber musician has led him around the globe with engagements in the United States, Cuba, and the United Kingdom and to perform in venues such as Carnegie Hall, Alice Tully Hall, Stude Concert Hall, Bargemusic, and Jordan Hall. Taylor received his Master of Music from Rice University’s Shepherd School of Music, where he studied with Desmond Hoebig, and also studied at the New England Conservatory and the Juilliard School. Taylor is the recipient of the Harvey R. Russell Scholarship and Irving S. Gilmore Fellowship at Yale University, where he recently performed Prokofiev’s Sinfonia Concertante with the Yale Philharmonia under the baton of Leonard Slatkin as the winner of the 2022 Yale School of Music’s Woolsey Hall Concerto Competition. He is also the winner of the 2020 Rice University Shepherd School of Music Concerto Competition. Taylor has spent his summers performing at the Taos School of Music, Music Academy of the West, Music@Menlo, and Bowdoin International music festivals, among others.
https://musicatmenlo.org/artistbio/artist-bio/?artist_id=1015
Violist Laura Liu, a native of Miami, Florida, studies with Cynthia Phelps and Misha Amory at the Juilliard School. This season, Liu competed as a semifinalist in the Third Oskar Nedbal International Viola Competition, where she received an Honorary Mention and the Pirastro Award for outstanding young talent. She will travel again to Prague to compete in the 74th Prague Spring International Music Competition. Previously, Liu competed as a finalist in the Juilliard School Viola Competition and was named a contestant in the Fifth Tokyo International Viola Competition. As an active chamber musician, Liu is a member of the Juilliard Honors Chamber Music program, and last month, her quartet Quatuor Caèl made their Alice Tully Hall and Peter Jay Sharp debuts. She is a proud recipient of a Kovner Fellowship at the Juilliard School. In previous summers, Liu attended Taos School of Music, Kneisel Hall, Music Academy of the West, and the Heifetz International Music Institute. This season, she returns to both Taos as a member of Taos on Tour and Heifetz as a member of their Heifetz Ensemble-in-Residence (HEIR) program. Liu spent her first summer at Music@Menlo as a Young Performer in 2017 and is thrilled to return as an International Program artist this season.
https://musicatmenlo.org/artistbio/artist-bio/?artist_id=1292
With a deep commitment to musical excellence and understanding of the repertoire, violinist Karisa Chiu has earned numerous accolades around the globe, including First Prize of the Isang Yun Violin Competition, Fourth Prize and Composer Prize of the Menuhin International Violin Competition, Second Prize of the Leopold Mozart International Violin Competition, Third Prize and Bach Prize of the Stulberg International String Competition, and Fourth Prize of the Irving M. Klein International String Competition. Chiu has been featured as a soloist in renowned concert halls such as Severance Hall and the Seoul Arts Center and has performed with acclaimed orchestras including the KBS Symphony Orchestra, Tongyeong Festival Orchestra, Munich Radio Orchestra, and Montgomery Symphony Orchestra. In addition, Chiu regularly performs in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra as a substitute violinist. Alongside her performance career, she is Co-Director of the Plymouth Chamber Players, a concert series in Grand Rapids, Michigan. Chiu began playing the violin at the age of three with her father Cornelius Chiu, a violinist in the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and studied with Almita Vamos at the Academy of the Music Institute of Chicago. She received her bachelor’s degree from the Curtis Institute of Music, where she studied with Ida Kavafian, and is currently pursuing her master’s degree at the Cleveland Institute of Music under the tutelage of Jaime Laredo and Malcolm Lowe.
