FT.CREATE idx_zoo ON hash PREFIX 1 "zoo:" SCHEMA name TEXT SORTABLE dob NUMERIC SORTABLE days_in_zoo NUMERIC SORTABLE species TAG SORTABLE known_disorders TEXT embedding VECTOR FLAT 6 DIM 768 DISTANCE_METRIC COSINE TYPE FLOAT32

HSET zoo:animal:57 species Tiger name 'Sam Sneezy 57' gender male known_disorders 'none reported' days_in_zoo 442 current_gps_location '117.14946, 32.73440' dob 1543031352000

HSET zoo:animal:31 species Gorilla name 'Greg The Ponderous Animal 31' gender male known_disorders 'Bite Wound' days_in_zoo 299 current_gps_location '117.1487, 31.99940' dob 1543021341000

HSET zoo:animal:22 species Snake name 'Smiling Olivia‘ gender female known_disorders 'none reported' days_in_zoo 88 current_gps_location '117.1486, 31.92940' dob 1523021341000

HSET zoo:animal:11 species Gorilla name 'Mrs. Lovett' gender female known_disorders 'none reported' days_in_zoo 319 current_gps_location '117.1487, 31.99940' dob 1443021341000

hset zoo:animal:11 biography "Mrs. Lovett: The Wise Old Gorilla with a Taste for Adventure.  Introduction: Meet Mrs. Lovett, the wise and spirited African gorilla residing at the San Diego Zoo. Her journey from the African wilderness to the welcoming arms of California tells a remarkable story of resilience, care, and a peculiar culinary inclination. This one-page biography delves into the life of Mrs. Lovett, from her capture and transfer to her ongoing days of comfort at the San Diego Zoo.Early Days in Africa:Mrs. Lovett, a silverback gorilla with a heart full of curiosity, was born in the lush and vibrant forests of Africa. Her youth was marked by boundless energy and a remarkable intelligence that set her apart from her peers. As she matured, her companions marveled at her insatiable curiosity and her unforgettable love for food, particularly her penchant for devouring meat.The Capture:In 1990, a dedicated team of wildlife conservationists embarked on an extraordinary mission. Mrs. Lovett was captured to ensure her safety and well-being. The decision was made after reports of poaching activities in her region, putting her and other gorillas at risk. The capture was carried out with the utmost care, striving to minimize disruption to her natural habitat.Mrs. Lovett's journey to the San Diego Zoo was not without its challenges. She fell ill during the voyage, displaying symptoms of a respiratory infection. Her caretakers, both on the expedition and at the zoo, worked tirelessly to provide her with the best possible care, nursing her back to health during the journey.The Journey to San Diego:Mrs. Lovett's voyage from Africa to San Diego was a logistical marvel. She was transported in a specially designed, spacious crate, ensuring her comfort throughout the journey. Her caregivers continuously monitored her health, especially after her illness.The journey presented its share of difficulties, with Mrs. Lovett displaying immense resilience. Her determination and strength were a testament to her indomitable spirit. The bond between Mrs. Lovett and her caregivers deepened during this challenging period, reflecting the deep sense of responsibility and compassion that embodies the mission of the San Diego Zoo.Life at the San Diego Zoo:Now, Mrs. Lovett calls the San Diego Zoo her home. Her enclosure has been thoughtfully designed to replicate the natural environment of her African homeland, complete with lush vegetation and engaging opportunities for play and exploration.Mrs. Lovett's name is a testament to her unique and delightful personality. Fans of Sweeney Todd may make the connection and enjoy how she earned her name 'Mrs. Lovett' due to her remarkable propensity for devouring pies and meat. Her love for such unusual dietary choices has made her a beloved icon among the zoo's visitors.Today, Mrs. Lovett's age is gracefully etched upon her wise features, a symbol of a life rich with adventure and the unyielding determination to overcome obstacles. Her journey, from the African wilderness to the heart of San Diego, is an enduring reminder of the importance of preserving the diversity of our planet's wildlife and the stories they bring with them. Mrs. Lovett stands as a testament to the dedication of those who care for and protect these magnificent creatures."

hset zoo:animal:22 biography "Smiling Olivia: The Mysterious African Serpent  Introduction:Meet Smiling Olivia, the enigmatic African snake who has found an unusual home at the San Diego Zoo. Her journey from the wilds of Africa to the heart of California is nothing short of extraordinary. This one-page biography explores the captivating life of Smiling Olivia, from her capture to her days of care at the San Diego Zoo.The Elusive Serpent:Smiling Olivia, an African snake with distinctive markings that give the illusion of a perpetual grin, is shrouded in mystery. Her species remains unidentified, and her mesmerizing appearance has piqued the curiosity of experts and enthusiasts alike. Her peculiar smile has earned her the affectionate name 'Smiling Olivia'. The Capture:In 2020, a team of intrepid herpetologists embarked on an expedition to unravel the mystery of Smiling Olivia. Local villagers in the heart of the African wilderness had reported sightings of this elusive serpent, and a desire to ensure her well-being prompted her capture. This endeavor was marked by caution and respect for her habitat.Capturing Smiling Olivia was a delicate operation. She was captured using non-invasive methods, minimizing stress and disturbance to her natural surroundings. Once safely contained, she was transported to the San Diego Zoo, where experts eagerly awaited her arrival.The Journey to San Diego:The journey to the San Diego Zoo was meticulously planned to ensure Smiling Olivia's safety and comfort. A specially designed and secure crate was used to transport her. While snakes, by nature, handle confinement well, her caregivers monitored her health and well-being closely throughout the trip.During the journey, Smiling Olivia experienced minimal discomfort. The climate-controlled crate provided a stable environment, and her dietary needs were met with care. While her trip was relatively uneventful, her handlers remained vigilant to ensure her safety.Life at the San Diego Zoo:Now residing at the San Diego Zoo, Smiling Olivia remains a creature of intrigue. Her enclosure has been thoughtfully designed to resemble her natural habitat as closely as possible, allowing visitors to observe her unique features from a safe distance.However, it is vital to acknowledge a crucial aspect of Smiling Olivia's existence. She has displayed a remarkable ability to subdue large mammals, primarily due to her predatory nature. For the safety of visitors, it is essential to emphasize the importance of avoiding any contact with her enclosure. The zoo authorities have implemented strict safety measures to ensure the well-being of both the visitors and Smiling Olivia.While she remains an enigmatic creature with her eternal smile, the mystery of her species and background only deepens her allure. Her journey, from the African wilderness to the San Diego Zoo, is a testament to the commitment of wildlife conservationists to understand and protect the diverse creatures that share our planet."

hset zoo:animal:57 biography "Sam Sneezy: The Indian Tiger's Journey to San DiegoIntroduction:Sam Sneezy, the majestic Indian Tiger, has captured the hearts of animal enthusiasts around the world. Residing at the renowned San Diego Zoo, Sam's remarkable journey from the wilds of India to the lush landscapes of California is a testament to the dedication of wildlife conservationists. This one-page biography delves into the fascinating life of Sam Sneezy, from his capture to his current days of comfort at the San Diego Zoo.Early Life in India:Sam Sneezy was born in the heart of India, deep within the dense forests of Madhya Pradesh. He was born to a tigress named Roopa and a powerful male tiger named Raja. As a cub, Sam exhibited a rare disposition, often found sneezing, which led to his distinctive name. While this sneezing tendency was unusual, it made him stand out among the local wildlife.The Capture:In 2019, the Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) received reports of Sam Sneezy's unique condition, which both fascinated and worried experts. Concerned about his well-being and the need for further medical examination, a carefully planned capture mission was initiated. With great care, a team of veterinarians and conservationists set out to ensure Sam's safe capture and relocation to the San Diego Zoo.Sam Sneezy's capture was marked by meticulous planning to minimize stress and discomfort. WCS experts tranquilized him in a non-invasive manner, and he was carefully transported to a temporary holding facility where he was thoroughly examined. It was discovered that his sneezing condition was due to a mild respiratory ailment, which was treated with utmost care and expertise.The Journey to San Diego:Sam's journey from India to the San Diego Zoo was a collaborative effort between Indian and American conservation organizations. A specially designed crate ensured Sam's comfort throughout the long journey. The crate provided ample space for Sam to move around, and his caregivers continuously monitored his health and well-being.During the journey, Sam Sneezy did experience some discomfort due to the long hours of confinement, but the dedicated team on board made sure he received the best possible care. Special measures were taken to ensure he remained calm, well-fed, and properly hydrated.Life at the San Diego Zoo:After an extensive quarantine period upon arrival, Sam Sneezy was introduced to his new home at the San Diego Zoo. The lush landscapes and naturalistic enclosures provide him with an environment closely resembling his native habitat. Sam adapted well to his new surroundings, quickly becoming a fan favorite among zoo visitors.The dedicated zoo staff, alongside veterinary experts, continue to monitor and care for Sam's unique condition and overall well-being. His story has become an inspiration for wildlife conservation and a testament to the commitment to preserving these magnificent creatures.In his new home, Sam Sneezy serves as an ambassador for Indian tigers and wildlife conservation. His captivating journey, from a sneezing cub in the Indian jungles to a beloved resident of the San Diego Zoo, highlights the importance of international collaboration and the enduring hope for a future where tigers roam freely in the wild, as they should."

hset zoo:animal:31 biography "Greg the Ponderous: The Gorilla with a Heart of PranksIntroduction:Meet Greg the Ponderous, the charismatic African gorilla who has become a cherished resident of the San Diego Zoo. Greg's journey from the lush forests of Africa to the warm embrace of California is a tale of both adventure and heartwarming care. This one-page biography delves into the extraordinary life of Greg the Ponderous, from his capture to his role as the zoo's endearing prankster.Early Life in Africa:Greg the Ponderous, a western lowland gorilla, was born in the dense rainforests of Central Africa, in the heart of the Congo Basin. His captivating personality and boundless curiosity quickly set him apart from his peers. The nickname 'Ponderous' was affectionately bestowed upon him by his caretakers, who marveled at his thoughtful, almost philosophical, approach to life.The Capture:In 2018, a team of conservationists embarked on a mission to ensure the safety and well-being of Greg after local reports indicated that he was orphaned due to poaching activities in the region. Greg's capture was carried out with the utmost care and respect for his natural habitat. He was gently tranquilized to minimize stress and ensure a safe transfer to the San Diego Zoo.The Journey to San Diego:Greg's journey to the San Diego Zoo was a transcontinental feat. He was housed in a specially designed, spacious crate to ensure his comfort throughout the journey. His caregivers, including a dedicated veterinarian, closely monitored his health and well-being throughout the trip.During the journey, Greg did experience some discomfort and restlessness due to the unfamiliarity of travel. However, the team's unwavering commitment to his well-being meant that every precaution was taken to alleviate any stress and discomfort. They provided him with his favorite fruits and toys to keep him entertained during the long hours of travel.Life at the San Diego Zoo:Upon his arrival, Greg was placed in a welcoming quarantine environment where he could acclimate to his new home. The transition was remarkably smooth, and he soon became a beloved member of the zoo family.What truly sets Greg the Ponderous apart is his playful and mischievous nature. Known as the zoo's endearing prankster, Greg has been caught on numerous occasions surprising both zookeepers and visitors with his clever antics. His favorite trick is to snatch visitors' hats and playfully parade around with them. One of the most memorable anecdotes involves Greg stealing the zoo director's hat during an important event, leaving everyone in stitches.Under the dedicated care of the San Diego Zoo staff, Greg the Ponderous continues to thrive, captivating the hearts of all who encounter him. His journey, from the depths of the African rainforest to the vibrant landscapes of San Diego, symbolizes the enduring hope for the preservation of these remarkable creatures, and his pranks bring joy and laughter to all who are fortunate enough to meet him."

TS.MRANGE - + AGGREGATION max 60000 FILTER sharedLabel=javaLLMVSS
TS.INFO VectorSearchExample:EmbeddingEventDuration
TS.MRANGE - + AGGREGATION max 60000 FILTER customLabel=countingTokensUsed
TS.MRANGE - + AGGREGATION avg 60000 FILTER customLabel=durationInMilliseconds

TOPK.LIST topk:popularPrompts

FT.CREATE idx_llm_exchanges ON hash PREFIX 1 "llm:exchange:" SCHEMA userRating NUMERIC SORTABLE chunkStrategy TAG embedding VECTOR FLAT 6 DIM 768 DISTANCE_METRIC COSINE TYPE FLOAT32
FT.search idx_llm_exchanges @userRating:[-inf,3]

FT.search idx_llm_exchanges @userRating:[7,+inf]

FT.CREATE idx_knee_expert ON hash PREFIX 1 "llm:knee:data:" LANGUAGE ENGLISH SCHEMA chunkStrategy TAG userRating NUMERIC SORTABLE text TEXT

FT.SEARCH idx_knee_expert "Tendonitis @chunkStrategy:{none*}" LIMIT 0 1 SUMMARIZE FIELDS 1 text FRAGS 4 LEN 60 SEPARATOR " and furthermore " DIALECT 2

TOPK.LIST topk:kneeIssueKeywords withcount

FT.CREATE idx_biography_expert ON hash PREFIX 1 "llm:biography:data:" LANGUAGE ENGLISH SCHEMA chunkStrategy TAG text TEXT

